hello and welcome to the Guru's
shoulders me Jones equis is my spain vs
uruguay review it's very late it's close
to one o'clock but i'm still up and i'm
still watching games and reviewing them
for used us your point in the channel so
you know it was a good performance bikes
to spain it was absolutely sensational
to be honest it was what you would
expect you know I did expect it to be a
little bit more competitive than it
actually was and Spain just showed once
again why they are the best in the world
and after seeing that performance I am
changing my prediction I don't see any
team been out to beat Spain because they
just take the ball away from your
kneecap you know win a game of football
of it the ball and i was expecting big
gains on players like Cavani Suarez and
to be honestly just wasn't given a
chance they never had enough ball when
you're ago I did get the boy just
basically kicked it away they just
couldn't do it Spain passing build up
play patience everything you'd want from
a you know a technically brilliant team
they have and then you just add the fact
that they are players like Santi Cazorla
cry no matter Fernando Torres you know
all these javi martinez you saw a
fantastic keywords for Bayern Munich
last season for him to be able to know
sort of players to come off the bench
issues they are the best team in the
world they are the best team probably of
all time I gotta be honest in 3 21 in a
row and I do think they are buried in
the Brazilian team back in the day I
know I never watch them but from what
I've heard people say and what I've read
up on I'm record-wise I probably say
that Spain on a better team it's just
the fact that their squad is just such
you know got so much how I cyclists
thrives with such fantastic players
there you just have a healthy and may
have talent to pick from and you add the
fact that they got the under-21s come
into it it's fantastic to Spain but
anyway like I said in the game spain
started the game very very well you know
ping-pong football just getting our part
and we build up play being patient then
they go 1-nil up through pedro but he
probably was an own goal and i would be
surprised that more than likely we'll be
taking off of him but a massive
deflection the goalkeeper was going away
the ball was on this way and it went the
other way he couldn't do nothing about
it although Spain second goal which was
bro Barroso daughter did make me look a
little bit before on Twitter I basically
said they inform Fernando
with one hundred percent get into
Spain's team no matter what sort of form
side out i was in and me be needy I am I
saw ever read it wrong which meant that
people thought I was trying to say that
Fernando Torres in this form could
skating or go from Alberto Salado and
absolutely not I do think that the goal
was mainly set up by cesc fabregas I
think the fact that the goal you know
was such a absolutely fantastic
pass and anyone thinks that he's going
to be going anywhere other than
Barcelona next season why would they get
rid of a play like that absolutely
fantastic the pass was just you know
exquisite it was quieting Roberto
Soldado took it very well first touch
with world class in my opinion Nicole
was quality but i think the touch made
the goal he was so patient the way it
was about to get into his friend now I
wish I my other videos because I said
before all right I have been saying for
a long time in any time by people say
Joe huge one little chatter I go why
don't any big club golf or Roberto
Soldado he's that good unfortunately up
there may be able to prove this but
hopefully you'd watch me or enough
you've heard me say saw dado in the past
you know why not he never seems to be in
it with anyone he's got 26 27 years old
he's lit the Spurs at its Roman time if
they get it I think he could do a
definite job for them and charity can't
get Cavani or you know Robert
Lewandowski you know in the form he's in
and he's done it for consistence and
makes the time you know in the fact I
mattress as well is that like I said in
my video when I did talk basado when
matter has played of him he's played in
matter he understands matter so imagine
you know the way they'd play would be
fantastic uruguay they did manage to get
a goal in the 18th minute free luis
suarez absolutely fantastic freekick
betting Imperials have got to be honest
and it was this great in Spain when you
probably thought that you know when most
he's that was in bed then it went back
to 21 it be 22 in two minutes but Spain
took their time was patient just keep
passing the ball drawing fouls you know
taking long throw-ins it was fantastic
from Spain just tell you should win a
match so I got people what a
time-wasting fantastic because that's um
that's what most teams lack the ability
to close in games and that's what they
were doing good up but anyway that's my
review on the game let me know your
thoughts whose things going to win the
Confederations Cup after seeing that
yesterday and Brazil let me know in a
comment section below thanks everybody
I'm sorry my review wasn't I was great
it should normally is because it is very
late but like i said before spinning up
a very good team and it's kind of good
sampling a center for now so when they
when they weren't playing a striker it's
like they've taken a mickey like we
don't really have you know a strike or
still being you the fat some areas as
well is it a pack the midfield and when
you normally a team that packs them if
you're drew bettina do you know that
grip you know finding space and all the
things with the spanish players they
don't need a massive limited space to
work you know they make a choice but you
think they're going to get tackled and
they put a fantastic ball is fantastic
so let me know your thoughts on spain
thanks everybody make sure to subscribe
if you enjoyed this video follow me on
twitter i giorni or zecco like my
facebook page facebook.com forward slash
guru game in HD and if you are sending
my future content when the premier
league starts in the future and also for
the rest of the confederations cup
measure is to subscribe to the channel
likes everybody until next time I taught
you later